Living in the present era and totally depending on one source of income is not a wise choice to rely on. There are always ups and downs to everything. Everything has its own importance for a particular period. 
Like the year 2020, which is going on, there is too much uncertainty in each and everything. Many people have lost their jobs and many businesses have shut down due to the COVID-19 pandemic because everything got stuck 
for a long period. The supply chain of products also disturbed to huge extent. People have not so much side money to rely on. In such types of cases which occurs rarely once in a lifetime. Here, Passive Income is the most 
suitable and best way to set aside a handsome amount to overcome these circumstances or you can do extra work that is not included in your monthly package. It is some you called “SECOND SOURCE OF INCOME”. It helps us in all
spheres regards money. It does require any type of skill or you just need to look around yourself and think wisely that how these things can become the second source of income?? Passive income is more suitable and best for 
the students and clients who have a selected monthly income.

WAYS OF PASSIVE INCOME
                      Passive income is more helpful for students and for those people who have selected monthly income. When it comes to making money everyone got curious about it. Let’s have a short look at those options 
which are more helpful and suitable.
 
YOUTUBE: YouTube is an all-time favorite and top-rated place for everyone. There are every type of content related to your search. One of the biggest advantage of this platform which give it much importance is that everything is free here. Youtubers who got the maximum number of views and subscriptions from their audience, according to their policy these channel get paid for their content. Many people are doing it for ages and now they are the  high paid youtubers.

 	RENTAL INCOME: Nowadays the idea of rental income is growing for the people who owned the properties but that is not in their use. They simply give it on rent and have a handsome amount at the end of the year or a month 
according to their contract. It is not limited to only property but it can be anything like car, office buildings and etc.

 	PHOTOGRAPHY: Most of the people wants to pursue their passion as their source of income but sometimes their passion doesn’t give much favor than other sources. So according to their need they have to adapt those profession but as the passion lives no one can’t resist them to fulfill their passion and go as much as they can. Most of the people are recognized by their skill. Some loved to capture the nature, memories, kindness and many more things people loved to capture just by one shot.

FREELANCING: Freelancing is the most up growing and top-rated trend which is now increasing too much fast around the world. Freelancing is all about working from home and offer your best skills to your client. This trend 
has acquired the market to raise this new terminology.

 	TUTIONS: Most of the people loved to teach other what they learned and some of them wanted to give the right way to upcoming generations so they will not face difficulties as they did. To pay back to their community most of people started giving tuitions to help them in their studies. It also helped the teachers to revise their concepts and keep them updated in learning new things. Through this many people are earning handsome amount to run their extra expenses or to save money. 

 	CABIN SERVICE: there are many people in the society it is not possible for everyone to earn a handsome amount and afford everything. For commutating form one place to other place people often used public transport. 
People who are using their own vehicle for going to office or any other place they can offer their cabin service to other people who are going to same place. It helped them to share the fuel consumption and they also 
contributing in a way that traffic will reduces to half if the people understand it.

BITCOIN INVESTMENT: In the near future it is expected the paper money will vanish and all the transactions payments done through internet banking and money will only limited to only banks or accounts without having 
a physical proof of it. To recognize this concept and give exposure to the people about it many digital currencies have been introduced. (e.g. bitcoin, ethereum, Binance, Dogecoin and etc.) In all of them BTC is 
expensive one and you can say the leading currency. Many people are investing in it for their future which help them in many aspects in future.

2. Create a print-on-demand store
If you’re an artist, designer, or entrepreneur, print on demand can be a profitable income stream and monetize your creativity. It involves working with suppliers to 
customize white label products like t-shirts, posters, backpacks, or books and selling them on a per-order basis. 

Similar to dropshipping, you only pay for the product after you sell it. There’s no buying in bulk or inventory needed. Print-on-demand stores are a good passive income 
stream because:

You can create products quickly and put them up for sale in minutes
Shipping and fulfillment is taken care of by your supplier
Once your store is set up, you can automate many marketing and sales processes
With a print-on-demand company like Printful, you can quickly and easily create products to sell in your Shopify store. Overall, print on demand is a simple, 
low-risk passive income source you can get up and running fast.
